feat(resource-status): Update Resource status documentation for 21.04 (#581)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/alerts-notifications/resources-status.md

-   Service groups

> ![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-search-advanced.png)
> ### Hide / show criterias

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-search-advanced.png)

### Hide / show criterias
```

> It’s also possible to manage the display of criterias (in order to display only the pertinent ones), by clicking on the "Select criterias" on the left hand-side:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also possible to manage the display of criterias (in order to display only the pertinent ones), by clicking on the "Select criterias" on the left hand-side:
```

The host panel contains several informative tabs:

-   Detailed information about its current status,

> -   A listing of its attached services and their current status (as well as their graphes if the corrseponding mode is selected),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A listing of its attached services and their current status (as well as their graphs if the corresponding mode is selected),
```

If an acknowledgement or downtime is set on the service, it will be displayed in
the panel and the header will be accordingly colored.

#### Graph

The graph tab enables you to visually display how the metrics evolves for the selected resource. Hovering the metric curves will display a tooltip containing the different values for the corresponding point in time.

> It’s possible to select or deselect metrics for display using the legend. By clicking on a legend item, it will unselect all metrics other than this one. Clicking on a metric being the only one selected will do the opposite: unselect it and select all others:

Reviewer: Sure about the opposite?

> It’s possible to select or deselect metrics for display using the legend. By clicking on a legend item, it will unselect all metrics other than this one. Clicking on a metric being the only one selected will do the opposite: unselect it and select all others:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to select or deselect metrics for display using the legend. By clicking on a legend item, it will unselect all metrics other than this one. Clicking on a metric being the only one selected will do the opposite: unselect it and select all others:
```

![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-graph-select-only-metric.gif)

> You can also toggle the selection of individual metrics by ctrl - cliking (or cmd - clicking on Macos) on the corresponding legend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also toggle the selection of individual metrics by Ctrl+Clicking (or Cmd+Clicking for Mac users) on the corresponding legend:
```

![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-graph-toggle-legends.gif)

The "Display events" switch allows you to display some timeline events (Downtime, Acknowledgement, Comment) directly on the graph, via annotations:

![image](../assets/alerts/resources-status/resources-status-graph-display-events.gif)

> It’s possible to add a comment directly on the graph, by clicking anywhere at the time you want to add it, and select "Add a comment" on the tooltip that appears:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to add a comment directly on the graph, by clicking anywhere at the time you want to add it, and select "Add a comment" on the tooltip that appears:
```
